c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\obj\Debug\TASK.UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\obj\Debug\TASK.UI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\obj\Debug\TASK.UI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\obj\Debug\TASK.UI.FrmAppConfig.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.UI.exe.config
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.UI.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.UI.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.Settings.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\Utils.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.Settings.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\Utils.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\obj\Debug\TASK.UI.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\obj\Debug\TASK.UI.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\PluggableModulesInterface.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\StorageManagement.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.Business.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\PluggableModulesInterface.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\StorageManagement.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.Business.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\obj\Debug\TASK.UI.FrmMain.resources
C:\Users\LENOVO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.Services.dll
C:\Users\LENOVO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.DATA.dll
C:\Users\LENOVO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.Services.pdb
C:\Users\LENOVO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.DATA.pdb
C:\Users\LENOVO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.Model.dll
C:\Users\LENOVO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.Model.pdb
C:\Users\LENOVO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\DATAACCESS.dll
C:\Users\LENOVO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\DATABASE.dll
C:\Users\LENOVO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
C:\Users\LENOVO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ApplicationBlocks.Data.dll
C:\Users\LENOVO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\DATAACCESS.pdb
C:\Users\LENOVO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\DATABASE.pdb
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.UI.exe.config
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.UI.exe
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.UI.pdb
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\PluggableModulesInterface.dll
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\StorageManagement.dll
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.Business.dll
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.DATA.dll
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.Settings.dll
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\Utils.dll
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.Services.dll
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\DATAACCESS.dll
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.Model.dll
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\DATABASE.dll
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ApplicationBlocks.Data.dll
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\PluggableModulesInterface.pdb
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\StorageManagement.pdb
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.Business.pdb
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.DATA.pdb
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.Settings.pdb
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\Utils.pdb
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.Services.pdb
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\DATAACCESS.pdb
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\TASK.Model.pdb
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\bin\Debug\DATABASE.pdb
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\obj\Debug\TASK.UI.FrmAppConfig.resources
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\obj\Debug\TASK.UI.FrmMain.resources
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\obj\Debug\TASK.UI.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\obj\Debug\TASK.UI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\obj\Debug\TASK.UI.exe
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\obj\Debug\TASK.UI.pdb
D:\Dev\ALSC.TASKMANAGER\TASK.UI\obj\Debug\TASK.UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
